[Music]
so
it's finally the weekend and you're
ready to take a well-deserved rest with
me myself and i but at the last minute
a friend asks you to help them with some
super important presentation
they have to give on monday you're
exhausted but you just can't say no
well it's time you learned because
always being nice
isn't that good at all don't get me
wrong here
being a sweet and caring person is great
hey there's so few of us
but there are signs when being too nice
to people
is actually bad for you one of those
signs is that you
feel responsible for other people's
feelings
let's say a friend shared some problem
with you without even being asked
you start thinking about all the
possible ways to solve it
because deep inside you feel that you
just have to
or maybe you constantly drop everything
to be someone's shoulder to cry on
and then do your best to cheer them up
well that really does make you a great
friend
take a moment to ask yourself why do i
act this way
if you're honest then the answer will
probably be like
helping others and always being there
for everyone makes me feel
needed and important and without
worrying about others all the time
i feel empty and maybe even useless
but each person is responsible for their
own emotions
and it's not your job to make everyone
happy
another sign of being a people pleaser
is when you're always looking for the
approval of others
it's no secret that we like to be liked
that's just
part of human nature we strive to feel
included and appreciated by those around
us
but sometimes this desire turns into
valuing others opinions
much more than we should some people can
be seriously dependent on this
and forget about their own thoughts
beliefs and wishes
they only do what others expect from
them and are scared to disappoint their
partner
friends family and co-workers it's not
as if such people have no opinion of
their own
but the fear of rejection always stops
them from letting everybody know it
so they keep quiet agree with others
and just go along with what everybody
else wants
hoping to get validation this way let's
move on to another point
which suggests that you avoid conflicts
at all costs
well very few people enjoy arguments and
fighting
that sounds pretty normal right but
confrontations are just a part of life
because it's how we really get to know
each other expand our views
and learn to understand other people's
point of view
it's all about how you act when you know
that an argument is about to start
if you're afraid of it then it means you
don't know how to stand up for yourself
or how to defend your beliefs quite
often
hiding away from conflict means agreeing
with ideas that you don't actually
support
or doing something you don't really want
to do
ever wondered why you keep attracting
the wrong people in your life
well that just might be another sign
that you're way too nice
people who like to please others tend to
end up in unhealthy relationships
they don't cut off communication with a
friend who always asks them for a favor
but never returns it
they stay with a partner who takes them
for granted
they help out a co-worker who doesn't
respect them and gets work done at their
expense
you see it seems like nice people
gravitate toward those who exploit their
kindness users are great manipulators
and they know how to get what they want
they usually play on your need for
approval
or play the victim making you feel sorry
for them
constantly apologizing is another red
flag here
it's perfectly fine to say sorry if you
actually did something bad or
inconvenient somewhat but there are
people who apologize
even when they're guilty of nothing they
keep blaming themselves for basically
everything that goes wrong
even if it's absolutely not in their
power to control or change it
they also take responsibility for the
mistakes others make
if this describes you then you could
have problems with understanding what
being nice
actually means another warning sign of
being too
nice is when you hide your feelings all
the time
you can't form deep relationships with
people unless you're willing to speak up
when need be
and say that your feelings are hurt
denying that you're
angry sad embarrassed or disappointed
keeps a relationship
superficial of course admitting your
feelings to others
might be scary because you feel
apprehensive about the reaction you'll
get in return
but you know people aren't mind readers
so
it's totally okay to let them know how
you're feeling
speaking of emotions if you feel burning
resentment
after agreeing to do something then it
means you have problems saying no
you don't really want to do this favor
for someone you're simply doing it
out of obligation as for what's forcing
you
it's a fear that if you say no then
it'll upset the person who asks you for
help
and even though it's great to be
attentive to others feelings
and try to make them comfortable by
lending a helping hand
such people pleasers can end up feeling
overwhelmed and burned out pretty
quickly they work late into the evening
way after their shift ended because the
boss asked them to help with something
that's
probably not even their responsibility
the next morning
they're helping a friend move even
though they didn't get nearly enough
sleep
and that evening they're babysitting the
neighbor's kids
this is just one example of how a
person's life can revolve around the
needs and expectations of others
where did they get the time and energy
for all that the answer is pretty
obvious
people pleasers always put aside their
own needs and desires
again i can't stress enough here that
taking care of others is awesome
this is what makes us human but you
should take care of yourself too
it doesn't mean that you have to be
selfish it simply means
knowing when to put your needs first to
avoid feeling emotionally and even
sometimes
physically drained if taking care of
others is leaving you no time to take
care of yourself
then you've got a major problem here if
after learning about these signs you've
realized that you fit into the category
of people who are too nice
don't stress there are lots of ways you
can change your situation for the better
the first thing you should do is to set
boundaries
never forget that people treat us the
way we let them
having healthy boundaries means that no
one will take advantage of you anymore
start valuing your time be brave enough
to say
no and don't let others brush off your
emotions or priorities as if they don't
count
now to do all that you'll need to
remember the next tip
work on your self-esteem you are
loved valuable and worthy simply because
you
are and not because of what you think
say do or
what others think of you people usually
look for approval from others when their
sense of self-worth
is low when they think that they have to
go out of their way to be worthy of
attention and love
also low self-esteem feeds our fears and
insecurities
but it's time to change that do more of
those things that make you
happy indulge and pamper yourself and
celebrate your every achievement
no matter how small it might seem always
dreamed of taking dancing classes
go for it and don't look back the last
thing you need to remember is to strike
a balance
you can be generous without letting
others use you
you can be kind without coming across as
a pushover
you can be well liked without having to
do something for someone else first
helping others is a sign of a caring
person so don't just give it up cold
turkey
but and this is really important you
have to set limits
instead of agreeing to everything
without thinking start looking for a
compromise in every situation
that will benefit both sides you know
win-win
your friend wants to borrow your car
fine but ask them to pick up your dry
cleaning for you while they're out and
about in your ride
see win-win so do you know any
other tips that could help a person stop
being too nice
let everybody know in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to always stay
on the bright side of life
you